This access specifier mandates how users of
class Human can access data and methods from class Animal,
because class Human inherits from public animal,
then users of class Human can
call the member of of functions and member data of class Animal,
which in this case is Talk.
That's why, calling human.Talk works even
though the derived class doesn't have its own version of the Talk function.
So we'll just double check that everything works.
Yeah, everything looks good.
Now, let's say we add our own version of Talk here.
This is a version where we pass in a string and then we output the string.
So now, if we say human.Talk,
"Hello World!", we can compile this,
and run it, and we get the human version of the Talk method.
What we can do with access modifiers is inherit or
create a derived class that inherits from its base class,
but doesn't expose the member functions of the base class.
So let's inherit from private humans,
we have this class Baby,
it inherits from private Human,
and in class Baby,
we'll have a function.
This function will be the Cry function because that's what babies do.
It won't take an argument,
and it will call class Talk from the Human class,
but it will simply cry,
because that's all babies can do is cry,
they can't really talk.
So if we create an object baby of type baby,
and we'll call baby. Cry, this is what we'll get.
So far so good.
Oops, I forgot to add a semi colon after my classes, done.
The human talks and the baby cries, that makes sense.
If we try to have the baby talk, let's say,
we want the baby to say,
"The square root of nine is three."
That would be a pretty silly thing for a baby to say.
When we compile this function, one,
we get an error about the semi colon,
but we get a bunch of other errors do.
When we compile this function,
we get this error that Talk is inaccessible from within Baby,
because Baby has inherited from class Human,
but it's inherited from private human.
So the user class Baby can't reach up and call talk itself.
However, Baby itself is able to call Talk,
because baby inherits from Human,
it's able to call those member functions of human.
It's just the user of baby is not able to call those member functions.
So to little bit of a subtle distinction and how access modifiers work for inheritance,
but it allows us to create derived classes
that don't expose the member functions of the base classes to the user.